# FAMS (Framework of Storage-centric Mapping for DNNs on Systolic Array Accelerators)

FAMS is an open-source framework that provides a storage-centric mapping solution for deep neural networks (DNNs) on systolic arrays. It aims to optimize the mapping strategy to improve data reuse and processing element (PE) utilization, thereby enhancing the performance and efficiency of DNN computations on systolic arrays.

Features

Storage-centric notation: FAMS focuses on a multilevel mapping of DNN computations to systolic array accelerators, and take data dependencies into consideration.

Flexible configuration: The framework allows users to customize the mapping strategy based on their specific requirements and constraints.

Installation

Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/cs-sunH/FAMS.git

Usage

Prepare your DNN model and dataset.

To run "python main.py" under the path of simulator_conv or simulator_GEMM, please follow these steps:

Change directory to the simulator_conv or simulator_GEMM path:

cd simulator_conv

or

cd simulator_GEMM

Print the detailed simulation process

python main.py --tracking=1

Do not print the detailed simulation process

python main.py --tracking=0

Make sure you have the necessary dependencies installed before running the command.

The results will be generated in the output folder.

Analyze the performance metrics and mapping results generated by FAMS.

Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please contact sunhao1996@nudt.edu.cn
